Add `onlyAnnotatedFor` flag (#1290)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

**User-visible changes:**

> The new command-line option `-AonlyAnnotatedFor` suppresses all type-checking errors and warnings outside the scope of
> `@AnnotatedFor` annotation.
> Note that the `@AnnotatedFor` annotation must include the checker's name to enable warnings from the checker.
> For example, `@AnnotatedFor("nullness")` for the Nullness Checker.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new command-line option `-AonlyAnnotatedFor` suppresses all type-checking errors and warnings outside the scope of
a corresponding `@AnnotatedFor` annotation.
Note that the `@AnnotatedFor` annotation must include the checker's name to enable warnings from that checker.
For example, use `@AnnotatedFor("nullness")` for the Nullness Checker.

```

**User-visible changes:**

The new command-line option `-AonlyAnnotatedFor` suppresses all type-checking errors and warnings outside the scope of
a corresponding `@AnnotatedFor` annotation.
Note that the `@AnnotatedFor` annotation must include the checker's name to enable warnings from that checker.
For example, use `@AnnotatedFor("nullness")` for the Nullness Checker.

> This option unsoundly use CLIMB default and suppresses the warnings outside the scope of a corresponding `@AnnotatedFor` annotation.
> Use `-AuseConservativeDefaultsForUncheckedCode=source` if you want conservative default for source code outside the scope of a corresponding `@AnnotatedFor` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option unsoundly uses source defaults and suppresses the warnings outside the scope of a corresponding `@AnnotatedFor` annotation.
Use `-AuseConservativeDefaultsForUncheckedCode=source` if you want conservative defaults for source code outside the scope of a corresponding `@AnnotatedFor` annotation.
```

**User-visible changes:**

> The new command-line argument `-AonlyAnnotatedFor=true` suppress all type-checking warnings outside the scope of any
> relevant @AnnotatedFor annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new command-line argument `-AonlyAnnotatedFor=true` suppresses all type-checking warnings outside the scope of
relevant @AnnotatedFor annotation.
```
